<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY kappname "Bomber">
  <!ENTITY package "kdegames">
  <!ENTITY kappversion "1.0"><!--Applicaion version. Use this variable everywhere it's needed.-->
  <!ENTITY docversion "1.0"><!--Document version. Use this variable everywhere it's needed.-->
  <!ENTITY docupdate "2007-05-12"><!--Document version. Use this variable everywhere it's needed.-->
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>
<book lang="&language;">
	<bookinfo>
		<title>The Bomber Handbook</title>

		<authorgroup>
			<author>
				<firstname>John-Paul</firstname>
				<surname>Stanford</surname>
				<affiliation>
					<address>
						<email>jp@stanwood.org.uk</email>
					</address>
				</affiliation>
			</author>

		</authorgroup>
		<copyright>
			<year>2008</year>
			<holder>John-Paul Stanford</holder>
		</copyright>

		<legalnotice>&FDLNotice;
		</legalnotice>

		<date>&docupdate;
		</date><!-- Date of (re)writing, ro update. Use the variable definitions within header to change this value.-->
		<releaseinfo>&docversion;
		</releaseinfo><!-- Application version number. Use the variable definitions within header to change this value.-->

		<abstract>
			<para>
				This documentation describes the game of Bomber version
				&kappversion;
			</para>
		</abstract>

		<keywordset>
			<keyword>KDE</keyword><!-- do not change this! -->
			<keyword>kdegames</keyword><!-- do not change this! -->
			<keyword>game</keyword><!-- do not change this! -->
			<keyword>arcade</keyword>
			<keyword>bomber</keyword>
			<keyword>Bomber</keyword>
		</keywordset>

	</bookinfo>

	<chapter id="introduction">
		<title>Introduction</title>
		<note>
			<title>Gametype:</title>
			<para>Arcade</para>
		</note>
		<note>
			<title>Number of possible players:</title>
			<para>One</para>
		</note>

		<para>
			Bomber is a single player arcade game. The player is
			invading various cities in a plane that is decreasing in
			height.
		</para>
		<para>
			The goal of the game is to destory all the buildings and
			advance to the next level. Each level gets a harder by
			increasing the speed of the plane and the height of the
			buildings.
		</para>
	</chapter>
	<chapter id="how-to-play">
		<title>How To Play</title>
		<para>
			The player is flying a plane in a city. The plane flys from
			right to left. Everytime it disapears off the side of the
			play area, it reapears on the right side again, but lowever
			than it was before.
		</para>
		<para>
			The player has to destory all the buildings to clear the
			level. If they crash into a building, then they loose a life
			and the plane is moved to the top left of the play area
			again.
		</para>
		<para>
			Buildings are destroyed by droping bombs on them. This can
			be done by clicking the
			&LMB;
			or pressing the
			<quote>Space</quote>
			key. The bomb will fall from the plane and hit anything
			directory below it.
		</para>
		<para>
			After clearing a level, the player advances to the next
			level. Each level gets slightly harder than the previous
			level as the buildings get taller and the plane gets faster.
		</para>
	</chapter>	

	<chapter id="configuration">
		<title>Game Configuration</title><!-- do not change this! -->
		<para>
			The Bomber configuration dialog allows you to select visual
			themes for Bomber.
		</para>
		<para>
			To select a new theme simply choose the theme's name from
			the selection list.
		</para>
		<note>
			<title>Note:</title>
			<para>
				For your convenience a quick preview screenshot will be
				displayed on the right hand sided of the selection list
				as soon as you select the theme you are interested in.
			</para>
		</note>
		<para>
			Once you are satisfied with the theme you have selected you
			can either click the
			<guibutton>Apply</guibutton>
			, or simply click the
			<guibutton>Ok</guibutton>
			button, located at the bottom part of this dialog.
		</para>
		<para>
			If, however you are dissatisfied with your selection –
			simply click
			<guimenu>Cancel</guimenu>
			to discard the changes.
		</para>
	</chapter>

	<chapter id="credits-and-licenses">
		<title>Credits and Licenses</title>


		<para>Bomber</para>
		<itemizedlist>
			<listitem>
				<para>
					John-Paul Stanford
					<email>jp@stanwood.org.uk</email>
					- Original Author
				</para>
			</listitem>
		</itemizedlist>
		<para>
			Documentation copyright 2008, John-Paul Stanford
			<email>jp@stanwood.org.uk</email>
		</para>
		
		<para>Sounds</para>
		<para>
			The Bomber game uses the following files from Freesounds (http://freesound.iua.upf.edu). 
            They are all licensed under the Creative Commons License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/2.0/).
        </para>
		<itemizedlist>
			<listitem>
				<para>explode.ogg from sandyrb (http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=35643)</para>
			</listitem>
		</itemizedlist>
		<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->

		&underFDL;

		&underGPL;

	</chapter>

	<appendix id="installation">
		<title>Installation</title>

		&install.intro.documentation;

		&install.compile.documentation;

	</appendix>


</book>